My arm hurts, my stomach hurts too, my period has not come here really, is it?
Alice wasn't sure about your injury and asked me to come over and check you out.
Sorry to bother you again Dr. Mary, come.
It's fortunate that you will react quickly and save Alice.
The consequences will be enormous, have you even heard, drop the form of tone from now on.
Speak up if you need anything that my brother, Bruce and I can help with.
Dr. Mary, when did you get here?
Our job is to serve at Alice, so we follow him wherever he goes.
So you have been with Mr. Miller out of my sight.
On period?
Yeah, about 10 days earlier.
Mr. Miller, Jenny's wound is fine.
Her face is pale probably because she's on her period.
Since when has it become my duty to know when my assistant is having her period?
Who is the man who told Bruce to keep watching, seeing Jenny pale and call me to come over
from the neighboring town and is wearing a halo now?
Thank you for all your sacrifice tonight.
Don't worry, I'll watch over her tonight until dawn, nothing will go wrong.
Mr. Miller, I've confirmed it.
It was the villagers blasting to open up the road today, triggered the landslide and it's
not aimed at you.
So now, you two must keep a close eye on her, today, okay?
Yes.
Yes sir.